Patch 6 (#12)
knpuniversity/symfony-bundle: knpu/travisci.md

[[[ code('4a9e4ad713') ]]]

***TIP

> You can use Github Actions as an alternative. There's an configuration example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use GitHub Actions as an alternative to Travis CI. Here's a configuration example:
```

Author: @bocharsky-bw I try this configuration here : https://github.com/abdounikarim/lorem-ipsum-bundle
